https://api.ccma.cat/noticies?_format=rss
https://ericmurphy.xyz/index.xml
https://lukesmith.xyz/index.xml
https://m4rti.dev/index.xml
https://blog.techlore.tech/feed/
https://ravener.is-a.dev/index.xml

# https://www.streamweasels.com/tools/youtube-channel-id-and-user-id-convertor/

https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7kIy8fZavEni8Gzl8NLjOQ    # Alex O'Connor          - Talk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9H0HzpKf5JlazkADWnW1Jw    # Bash Bunni             - Code
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5--wS0Ljbin1TjWQX6eafA    # BigBoxSWE              - Code Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_S45UpAYVuc0fYEcHN9BVQ    # Boy Boy                - News Talk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA    # Brodie Robertson       - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ    # Casually Explained     - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ    # Chris Titus Tech       - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFQMnBA3CS502aghlcr0_aw    # Coffeezilla            - News Talk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoiAX1AIHJelPvheQhFbBgw    # Daily Dose Of Boy Boy  - Talk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdC0An4ZPNr_YiFiYoVbwaw    # Daily Dose Of Internet - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7Jwj9fkrf1adN4fMmTkpug    # Dank Pods              - Audio Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMr1lqB1oN3-cYf6cj6-v-A    # Degenerocity           - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg    # Distro Tube            - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWQaM7SpSECp9FELz-cHzuQ    # Dreams Of Code         - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuo9VyowIT-ljA5G2ZuC6Yw    # Eddy Burback           - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5KDiSAFxrDWhmysBcNqtMA    # Eric Murphy            - Linux Privacy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA    # Fireship               - Code News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJLZe_NoiG0hT7QCX_9vmqw    # I Did A Thing          - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVIFCOJwv3emlVmBbPCZrvw    # Joel Haver             - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw    # Linus Tech Tips        - Tech Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWiY6fYdxuEe78r-0uFCnhA    # Long Beach Griffy      - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl2mFZoRqjw_ELax4Yisf6w    # Luis Rossmann          - News Privacy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6biysICWOJ-C3P4Tyeggzg    # Low Level Learning     - News Privacy Code Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA    # Luke Smith             - Talk Privacy Linux Lifestyle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC91V6D3nkhP89wUb9f_h17g    # Meat Canyon            - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA    # Mental Outlaw          - News Privacy Linux Lifestyle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxaaULLk6UCnRl5VKRc7G0A    # No Text To Speech      - Discord News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6Mjg5R5QOJYjrio1JmP8Fg    # Oompaville             - Talk News Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCchRxJ9V19KP0I7oYNZ_63g    # Opt Out Podcast        - Talk Privacy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMeRgqzTfC5ja40B6kM6pdg    # osu!game               - Fun News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq6VFHwMzcMXbuKyG7SQYIg    # Moist Critikal         - News Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-lHJZR3Gqxm24_Vd_AJ5Yw    # PewDiePie              - Fun Lifestyle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChnN9MPURwKV2PbEoT2vhTQ    # RandomFrankP           - Tech Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh9IfI45mmk59eDvSWtuuhQ    # Ryan George            - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMjLiIEOPEfDl8WShEgPR2g    # Ryan George Extra Plus - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1DTYW241WD64ah5BFWn4JA    # Sam O'Nella Academy    - Fun Talk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd6vEDS3SOhWbXZrxbrf_bw    # SAMTIME                - Fun News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdBK94H6oZT2Q7l0-b0xmMg    # Short Circuit          - Tech Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ    # Mutahar                - Privacy Tech Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA    # Tech Linked            - Tech News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg    # Techlore               - Tech Privacy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0vBXGSyV14uvJ4hECDOl0Q    # Tech Quickie           - Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCylGUf9BvQooEFjgdNudoQg    # The Linux Cast         - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw    # The Linux Experiment   - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv3mh2P-q3UCtR9-2q8B-ZA    # Urban Resque Branch    - Animals Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbRP3c757lWg9M-U7TyEkXA    # Theo t3.gg             - Code News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw    # The Primeagen          - Code News Vim
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUyeluBRhGPCW4rPe_UvBZQ    # The Primeagen          - Code News Vim
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVk4b-svNJoeytrrlOixebQ    # The Primeagen          - Code News Vim
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiAj9NhvUTfNaq4YwOHGEyA    # Trent Lenkarski        - Fun Joel Haver
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo71RUe6DX4w-Vd47rFLXPg    # Typecraft              - Code Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbMCXJYFeShO0VE-ZPBzsAg    # Verto                  - Fun osu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG6sK58lAMh67Cx_ZPSBV2g    # Waco Wildlife          - Animals Fun The Urban Resque Ranch
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2O2xML7kL6Rbv3fjyi74xA    # Zach Star Himself      - Fun
