https://wysi727.com                         # wysi
https://m4rti.dev                           # Personal Site Marti
https://drive.m4rti.dev                     # Nextcloud
https://search.m4rti.dev                    # SearXNG Search Engine
https://voo.m4rti.dev                       # Minesweeper
https://wiki.hyprland.org                   # Hyprland Wiki
https://aur.archlinux.org                   # AUR Arch User Repository
https://wiki.archlinux.org                  # Arch Linux Wiki
https://github.com/m4rti21                  # GitHub Profile Marti
https://github.com/m4rti21/dotfiles         # GitHub
https://github.com/wysi-inc                 # GitHub
https://github.com/wysi-inc/web             # GitHub
https://mail.proton.me                      # Proton Mail
https://mail.google.me                      # Google Mail Gmail
https://maps.google.com                     # Google Maps
https://translate.google.com                # Google Translate
https://lukesmith.xyz                       # Luke Smith's Webpage
https://chat.openai.com                     # Chat GPT AI
https://discord.com/app                     # Discord App
https://youtube.com                         # YouTube
https://flathub.org                         # Flatpak Store
http://localhost:1313                       # hugo dev
http://localhost:4727                       # wysi dev
http://localhost:3000                       # react dev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfKfPfyJRdk # lofi
https://aula.uoc.edu                        # UOC Universitat Dashboard
https://moodos.uoc.edu/                     # Moodle UOC
