https://www.youtube.com/@CosmicSkeptic/videos                  # Alex O'Connor          - Talk
https://www.youtube.com/@bashbunni/videos                      # Bash Bunni             - Code
https://www.youtube.com/@bigboxSWE/videos                      # BigBoxSWE              - Code Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@Boy_Boy/videos                        # Boy Boy                - News Talk
https://www.youtube.com/@BrodieRobertson/videos                # Brodie Robertson       - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@CasuallyExplained/videos              # Casually Explained     - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@ChrisTitusTech/videos                 # Chris Titus Tech       - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@Coffeezilla/videos                    # Coffeezilla            - News Talk
https://www.youtube.com/@DailyDoseOfBoyBoy/videos              # Daily Dose Of Boy Boy  - Talk
https://www.youtube.com/@DailyDoseOfInternet/videos            # Daily Dose Of Internet - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@DankPods/videos                       # Dank Pods              - Audio Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/@Degenerocity/videos                   # Degenerocity           - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@DistroTube/videos                     # Distro Tube            - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@dreamsofcode/videos                   # Dreams Of Code         - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@EddyBurback/videos                    # Eddy Burback           - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@EricMurphyxyz/videos                  # Eric Murphy            - Linux Privacy
https://www.youtube.com/@Fireship/videos                       # Fireship               - Code News
https://www.youtube.com/@Ididathing/videos                     # I Did A Thing          - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@Joel-Haver/videos                     # Joel Haver             - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@LinusTechTips/videos                  # Linus Tech Tips        - Tech Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/@LongBeachGriffy/videos                # Long Beach Griffy      - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@rossmanngroup/videos                  # Luis Rossman           - News Privacy
https://www.youtube.com/@LowLevelLearning/videos               # Low Level Learning     - News Privacy Code Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@LukeSmithxyz/videos                   # Luke Smith             - Talk Privacy Linux Lifestyle
https://www.youtube.com/@MeatCanyon/videos                     # Meat Canyon            - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@MentalOutlaw/videos                   # Mental Outlaw          - News Privacy Linux Lifestyle
https://www.youtube.com/@NoTextToSpeech/videos                 # No Text To Speech      - Discord News
https://www.youtube.com/@oompaville/videos                     # Oompaville             - Talk News Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@OptOutPodcast/videos                  # Opt Out Podcast        - Talk Privacy
https://www.youtube.com/@osugame/videos                        # osu!game               - Fun News
https://www.youtube.com/@penguinz0/videos                      # Moist Critikal         - News Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@PewDiePie/videos                      # PewDiePie              - Fun Lifestyle
https://www.youtube.com/@randomfrankp/videos                   # RandomFrankP           - Tech Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/@RyanGeorge/videos                     # Ryan George            - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@ryangeorgeplus/videos                 # Ryan George Extra Plus - Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@SamONellaAcademy/videos               # Sam O'Nella Academy    - Fun Talk
https://www.youtube.com/@SAMTIME/videos                        # SAMTIME                - Fun News
https://www.youtube.com/@ShortCircuit/videos                   # Short Circuit          - Tech Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/@SomeOrdinaryGamers/videos             # Mutahar                - Privacy Tech Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@techlinked/videos                     # Tech Linked            - Tech News
https://www.youtube.com/@techlore/videos                       # Techlore               - Tech Privacy
https://www.youtube.com/@techquickie/videos                    # Tech Quickie           - Tech
https://www.youtube.com/@TheLinuxCast/videos                   # The Linux Cast         - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@TheLinuxEXP/videos                    # The Linux Experiment   - Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@TheUrbanRescueRanch/videos            # Urban Resque Branch    - Animals Fun
https://www.youtube.com/@t3dotgg/videos                        # Theo t3.gg             - Code News
https://www.youtube.com/@ThePrimeagen/videos                   # The Primeagen          - Code News Vim
https://www.youtube.com/@ThePrimeTimeagen/videos               # The Primeagen          - Code News Vim
https://www.youtube.com/@TheVimeagen/videos                    # The Primeagen          - Code News Vim
https://www.youtube.com/@TrentLenkarski/videos                 # Trent Lenkarski        - Fun Joel Haver
https://www.youtube.com/@typecraft_dev/videos                  # Typecraft              - Code Linux
https://www.youtube.com/@vertoHUN/videos                       # Verto                  - Fun osu
https://www.youtube.com/@WacoWildlifeRescue/videos             # Waco Wildlife          - Animals Fun The Urban Resque Ranch
https://www.youtube.com/@ZachStarHimself/videos                # Zach Star Himself      - Fun
